[Episode 4]
You're fired.
The one who hired me is Thach.
You're not in the position to fire me.
My position is the mother of Thach's child.
Do you know why men are so adulterous?
First,
mistress is always a good listener to understand them.
Second,
men like new sensations.
Enough of talking?
Third,
being with a floozy, men enjoy the honeyed words.
He is worshipped, and his ego is boosted.
I'm not a floozy.
You are exactly like that!
Stop saying silly things like "you're gonna be fine",
or "the bright future is ahead."
to make Thach believe and be with you forever.
You'll meet the most important person to Thach.
Sweetie.
Sit down.
Just hear me out for a second.
Sit down!
You needn't give me much. A restaurant is enough.
That's outsmarted.
Sit down!
Think of our little child, if not me.
Why are you so ballsy?
It hurts me.
Don't think that I have no idea of what you did.
It's just that I want to say it or not.
I'm hurt. Our child is hurt.
Let go off me.
You're pregnant?
B*tch, you wanna fool me around?
Slut, I'll surely kill you.
Thach!
Dirty ass!
- Leave me.
- Leave her!
Get the f*ck out of me.
Brother!
You're gonna kill her!
- Brother!
- Thach!
I must kill that b*tch.
Calm down!
Calm it down!
It's fine.
Calm down!
What are you doing?
Let's play blind-man's-buff.
My eyes can see nothing.
We are both blindfolded.
Play it with me!
You stand up.
OK.
I'll count to three, and we both step back.
OK?
Uhm.
One...
Two...
Three.
Phuc.
I caught you!
I lose so fast.
That didn't count.
If you're this excellent, forget the whole thing and play again!
It can't!
I've caught you and even called your name.
You wouldn't have if I hadn't fallen.
I can always catch you.
Sure. I dare you.
Let's play again.
Are you blindfolding yourself?
Yes, I'm covering my eyes.
OK. Let's begin.
I'm searching.
Again, I lose the game.
Don't you know that your scent is unique?
Let's play again, now!
So the last one is still not counted.
OK.
It starts now.
You finished?
Not yet. Wait.
OK. Let's start!
Are you sure?
Or...
you should cover your nose.
I think you'd better take shower.
Is my scent that strong?
Yes.
Whatever.
Phuc!
Don't let me catch you.
Hello? Sure. I'll be there in a minute.
You shouldn't play tricks.
Phuc?
Where are you?
Are you still here?
Phuc?
Where are you?
You're still here?
Phuc!
Where are you?
Sweetie, what's wrong?
Thach?
Where have you been?
Let's talk it out inside. It's cold out here.
Where did you hide?
I was just hiding in this house.
I heard someone opening the door.
You went out to buy something
or what?
Next time, please tell me if you go out.
You understand?
I totally get it.
Earlier, my friend stopped by to give me some stuff.
I wanted to play you a bit,
but I talked to my friend for so long that I forgot.
Ouch! It hurts me.
You think my face is a toy?
Your cheek is soft.
You have chubby cheeks?
It's hubby.
You look like a psycho guy.
Yeah, I feel that I gradually become better.
Earlier, I heard the sound of the ambulance.
Someone might have had a traffic accident,
and you were nowhere to be found.
I tried my best to see.
I tried to open up my eyes,
but I couldn't see you.
I called you, but nothing answered me.
I'm very scared of darkness,
because in the darkness, I see nothing
but my beloved people leaving me.
That's why at that time, I wished you were with me.
And at this moment, I wish to protect you.
I'm home, honey.
When were you back from your foreign schooling?
Just last week.
But you're just visiting me now?
If you want to be a vedette, you are the one who must come at last.
I thought that you must have left here.
Why should I leave when my house is here?
Brother,
can I stay here with you?
Our parents' house is so farther away.
Please allow me to stay here.
Uhm.
Just stay here.
Do we have a spare room for her, honey?
Your job is sitting still.
There is a spare room next to mine.
You tidy it up for Nu to stay, Phuc.
Sure.
Thank you.
That's right.
Phuc and Nu keep looking at each other with that happy smile.
What do you mean?
I'm just making idle conversation.
I say you shut up your mouth.
Hm, so comfortable!
We stayed in the same neighborhood
so we're very close.
When we were in grade 11, I studied abroad
and my parents change their lodgings.
It has been six years.
I often come back here when I have a chance.
Thach always come and pick me up.
Thank you.
I met my most trusted junior only by chance.
Excuse me?
You take great care of Thach.
I do it for money, sis.
Back then, Linh asked me to find a home helper for Thach.
I searched everywhere.
Meeting you is really my luck.
Why didn't you come back here at that time?
I had some family affairs...
and I was busy with the admission procedures.
Thach.
You two have a talk. I'll prepare for dinner.
Go on.
Where did you keep my luggage?
Let me take it for you.
What's about beefsteak for dinner?
Sure.
My brother!
My place is colder than here these days.
Uhm... Remember to wear more coat.
It's not certain whether she'll go back there or not.
You haven't changed much. You always want to tease me!
You're still very naive and lovely, aren't you?
That's because I'm still Thach's beloved sister.
The meat is not well-absorbed, right?
I've marinated it for so long.
Your focus is not on your work, it's on someone.
Why are you talking too much?
I'm just telling the truth.
Playing the phone while working,
but still getting full salary,
he must be the God.
Don't make up false stories with badmouthing!
My false story tells a true story!
You...
Please don't listen to her.
- I marinated the meat for so long.
- You can try it.
I find this beef is still tasty.
But...
I also think that the beef is not well-absorbed.
He is not a master chef.
The beef is still raw, right?
Yes, it's my bad.
I was not careful, I'm sorry.
In any profession, carelessness is always immoral.
Have you heard this saying?
I'm sorry. This will never happen again.
What if this happens again?
Can I fire you?
Hey, everyone!
Raw beefsteak is delicious, too.
Oh God! I forgot about your stomach problem.
Phuc! I'm sorry.
I forgot to tell you that.
It was my false not to ask you about that.
Thach.
Let me talk to him. I'm so sorry, Phuc!
Yes, please.
I'm not the most dangerous one.
What do you mean?
All I need is money,
but there is someone who doesn't.
He doesn't know it, bro.
You should go inside.
Yes?
I need to be with myself.
Let me stay here to talk with you.
Leave me alone.
Call me if anything happens.
The beef is a bit bland. Why did he make a big deal?
He's being irritated for no reason.
Such a jerk!
Who is the jerk you mentioned about?
Try not speaking to me for life.
God knows among us who will die first.
You should pray for me to live longer, then.
If I die first, no one will pay you.
Hey,
don't think that by paying me, you can say whatever you want.
So?